That's a project you can find attached to this lecture here.
It allows us to define a server name here and then some content for the server and then we can either
add a server or a blueprint.
And as you can see both look pretty similar but the server is bold and red has some bold and red text.
The blueprint has it Halik LWT text.
So that's the difference here.
Now this app is all running in one component.
As of now in the app component here in the template we got a lot of code and we can do better we can
split this up because that's not ideal having all that logic in this component here maybe splitting
it up makes sense because that would also allow us if we build a bigger app to reuse parts of that.
So how could we split this up we could create a new component for this whole cockpit here where we enter
a name and content and click the buttons.
And of course we could also create component component for individual server.
And with that we should have a much leaner app component HDMI file and we would bundle our business
logic better into individual components.
Now we learned how to create new components.
I will use to Seelye.
You could of course also do it manually and I will create new components with n g g and then let's say
the first component could be does cockpit here.
So I will simply name it cockpit component.
Now as an addition we can type dash dash spec false to make sure does the Spectre's testing Follett's
not getting created.
I deleted it all the time anyways.
And then I will repeat a step for a number new component which I will simply name server aliments server
element because it could either be a server or a blueprint.
And in this example.
So if we get to new folders in our app component.
So two new components.
Thus far nothing you don't know.
Now we can of course take our code here from the component age female file from this template.
So for example this first bootstrap row here caddied a year and added to our cockpit like this.
Now of course if we remove the template part here we also have to remove or we have to move the Moffats
we're calling here.
So on ad server and on at blueprint.
So in the typescript code here I will copy both will cut both elements here and move them over to our
cockpit and will soon also come to engine in it.
And what this does as a side note now of course my issue is that I try to portion is to raise or to
an array which doesn't exist here.
Server elements that array is still in the app component.
We could of course move that.
Oh and maybe I should also move that closing colleague braes we could of course move those server elements
array.
But then we would no longer have it in our app component and we will need a dare to you though because
there we still will need to replicate the server elements to create the well service we output here.
So as a first step what I can move of course cut and paste are the two properties which are used Year
with a binding so they can move that to the cockpit.
But we will have to see what we do about these server elements.
For now let's go back to DIAK component HVM file and take a single server here.
So this panel.
Day of year.
So with that all we have here now is the row in the column and the other part will go into the HTL file
of the server element because that is a single server.
Now here of course we have this loop and that's not what I want to have in years.
I will get rid of it there because I still want to manage my array of server elements in the app component
because we somehow need to be able to manipulate it from the cockpit and then replicated in the app
component to create multiple instances of this server element component which is only a single server.
Keep this in mind this is not the list of service.
Of course you could set this up differently but this is the approach I will go with and this approach
won't work right now.
We also tried to Xosa element properties now inside of our server element component which we also don't
have.
So a couple of things to fix.
I like the general way we split up our app and that we now can add our app cockpit here where we before
had the full HVM Alico we moved over there and that we can add our app server element component here
and that we could also replicate this with Angie for lead server element of server elements.
So we can of course all the place and G-4 on a component as you already learned before.
So I like dad but I don't like that the app is broken and if we have a look at it that well we simply
get an error that a couple of properties are unknown.
So we somehow.
And that is a key part.
Need to get a new server.
We add in the cockpit to this array of service in our app component.
So we kind of need to inform our app component that one of its child components the app cockpit changed
or that something changed there to which we should react.
And you sir was added.
And then we also need to get the data we got from the cockpit.
So this news server which is managed has an array of service in the app component we need to get to
individual server of a single loop iteration here down to the app server element.
So we need to pass data between components and that of course is a super important task.
We haven't touched yet but we will dive deeper into right now.